refactor: add ForecastBatch contract (#637)
mllam/neural-lam: CHANGELOG.md

### Maintenance

- Add a named `ForecastBatch` contract for `WeatherDataset` batches and update

>   internal consumers to use field access [\#613](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/issues/613) @kshirajahere

Reviewer: Link the PR, not the issue.

```suggestion
- Add a named `ForecastBatch` contract for `WeatherDataset` batches and update
  internal consumers to use field access [\#637](https://github.com/mllam/neural-lam/pull/637) @kshirajahere
```
